yes what business people have come to my official old buildings Nano 6 the
Problems Julia the iPod Nano sixth generation has not only
technically but also visually changed a lot I've got her again
Compared to the iPod Nano compares the first hour
and there you see
A lot has happened in this six generation
good then catch but also come to the same time with a Pott Nano
six Gabriel Mio is the Zeil WiGig "super super" small animal
she pull my palm
it's totally easy on the back one click
Here you see the clip
and has quieter Bartens here
Suri here
the on and off similarly made infinite of the processing as in the case of
iPhone 4 of course everything is a little smaller
when we turn on the iPod Nano
then we have it right once
the title we are listening to
and we can go directly to the main menu Slaiten disagree title menu
when they go to the main menu
Dante greets us the typical
AP view
as we already know from the iPod Touch and of course from the iPhone
and iPad
that's all Gazelles again, however, is not possible
to charge any App Store on the iPod Nano
of course he does not have a lawyer 4
supports
yes, here we start by looking at different ones
AP specifically first with the lists
artists
awesome percent her higher values ​​Jeannie it is now possible
also with the new iPod Nano
Of course the rest has always been there
go over dirt in the main menu go to a radio is installed that sees
maybe here
and you can look at it with photos
then of course you can listen to Pott guest
and the setting also in the typical
ICANN view
«Here, so to speak, that is so that victory must be more tired once we have the
Title the albums
Composers and conjured Eick Ernst
and then there is one last service
a last bunch is fitness
because the iPod Nano if we go over here now
does not support any special sponsored by Maliki the whole so to speak
Kendo meter is called the whole country
and you have a bad egg on it now
and then I'll show you the simulated ones just a little bit
we are pushing her court
and now we can simulate our steps in the world here
just times
do the following
and so
then look here already
I did that until seven steps
I do not know how exactly this is
Indeed
The Saul for Athletes Definitely Bennett is next to feature
we go back again
how can you call them over view
there we can now retrieve our various data
that too is a very much participated
now her mandate back and so was jur to the clock
There will also be a preparation that we can give more, namely you can
Just use it more and more as something completely different
she draws like this
Viennese wristwatch in principle
and that's why there is now also extra video
however, you can use this dial
in black or in white you can set this in the settings
and again this is a very rare tel one thing
he is already sown optically everything is kept very small
Of course, touchscreen is super sophisticated as always
and you can write that day he also needs two 4
and you just have to
with these two fingers pointed out the falls so imagined
once here
just turn around
that could make a 60 degrees in three
and then come back sometime
was starting position on
Now let's take a quick look at the lists
and of course give it for the title minim
here are our albums and this is the typical albums view
like us
and percent yes
You can also just as easily through this already in the top game in the small
but fall
You can also do that very easily by scrolling
yes the iPod Nano supports in contrast
his predecessor no camera says no more camera on the
back
that would probably have been a bit too much of a good thing
Blair is the size of an ink further development of the iPod
I've already said in boxing but that's why it was sewing thread I'm fine
me more and me ourselves and that is just way light
effective
another feature is the radio
Of course, it is also included
And indeed, the current hall has no signal
I have not used it yet
but it is nice if you eat on the way
just a simple example to call football you can also radio-
Record the program
how then continue or then one
yes so contains fixed as a hard disk recorder too
to save forever that means one can think I save twenty minutes
you do not miss so many that it's like a small hard drive recorder
for the radio
especially when you're on the road and doing sports
very much mead
the photos
are not there yet but is
again typical as the iPhone made the whole
that is in principle already with me
it was made quite a bit and the ipod nano 6 is for that for what
he thought
a right
to say a real folks lumberjack because he is small
he is easy to use
and especially for athletes
People who do not want to carry so much with them now
he is definitely ideal
come in different colors I have it here in blue you see it
Of course, there are also other colors
and the one I have here now has 8 like work
and costs about one hundred 60 euros
you can then also engrave
and the off
As I said the clip to very, very good, you can really over the
Cliffs as well as the already know
it just for the sport a nice she said
the whole
In any case, this will get a very high court order from Enn King
because I thought it Wittlich for the second for the thought that bought
to have
I can understand, though, that many people say it's too bad
that no video now
Play or that you can not take pictures anymore which is a pity
I give that too
"That would be natural
to Doberan have been times if you are here with even now
Taking pictures could be the proud part of it
which is also Netgear, but I have not tested that yet
There will also be an extra video for that
is that you can raise a buggy
because I discovered by chance I still have not seen my own but me
Definitely try the completely normal report
but from the basic functions what the video of this I hope, of course
had fallen through Schiemer
when the Bima think of it, thumbs up and mine
nice optimize
and with that I say peace
until the next video